Docs for devmode.serializeSession (#584)
vaadin/docs: articles/guide/configuration/index.asciidoc

`devmode.liveReload.enabled`::
This is by default set to `true`, which means that if you are using some live reload tool on the server side the browser is refreshed automatically once code is reloaded on the server side.

> `devmode.sessionSerialization.enabled`::
> Determines whether the `VaadinSesion(s)` of the users are serialized on server shutdown when running in development mode. This is set to `false` by default so that only other HTTP session data is serialized/deserialized on development server restart. This allows e.g. access control information to be retained during development and does not require logging in again for each change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`devmode.sessionSerialization.enabled`::
Determines whether the `VaadinSession` instances of the users are serialized on server shutdown when running in development mode.
The parameter is set to `false` by default so that only other HTTP session data is serialized/deserialized on development server restart.
Enabling the property allows, for example, access control information to be retained during development, so that you do not need to log in again for each change.
```
